hey guys so Kiki HD here again with
another video and today I have my top
themes for iOS 7.1 point X so without
any further ado let's start off with the
first theme so if i turn on my iphone
here as you guys can see if i open up
settings come to general and about i am
here on iOS 7.1 point 1 as you guys can
see here from the bottom of the screen
and I am jailbroken on seven point one
point one using the pen GU jailbreak so
the first tweak or rather the first
theme that I'm going to be showing you
guys is actually called Soulstice know I
used to use this quite a lot on the
earlier iOS 7 jailbreak so here I'm just
going to respring my device and one of
the main features of this theme or one
of the main design aspects for this
theme is the long shadow effect as you
guys can see it even themes the apple
logo when Yuri spring or turn on your
device so I'm just going to unlock my
device and as you guys can see here this
is Soulstice this is a very clean
minimal nice looking theme I've always
liked this ever since it came out it was
one of my top themes that I used to use
on the earlier iOS 7 jailbreak it adds a
really nice touch to iOS 7 makes it look
really really nice the jailbreak
actually becomes one of the more desired
things on an iOS device after you see
themes like these in my opinion so this
was Soulstice now the next theme that
I'm going to be showing you guys here
let me just open up winterboard and show
you is actually called flat 7 now flat 7
was recently redesigned so here let me
just respring it and as you guys can see
there it does not theme or mod the apple
logo in any way which I mean it kind of
adds to the fact that it is a very flat
and minimal theme but now that the
device is respond let's actually just
unlock it and show you guys now here as
you guys can tell the theme is again
very very flat as the name implies it
really it retains depth to the icons but
without giving them a too many sharp
characteristics it's a very flat thin
minimal and light theme to the device
and I think that adds a lot of character
to iOS which I think it was kind of
lacking and I really really do like this
theme and
definitely recommended now the next team
that I have to show you guys is called
c7 now this theme is actually radically
different from the others because it
actually changes the way your icons look
in a massive way now first off it also
does theme the apple logo as you guys
can see it is blue but when you turn it
on and you unlock your device as you
guys can see all the icons are circular
now there are no longer squares this
team changes everything is just circles
and it is actually a very bright and
poppy theme if that's the way I could
actually describe it now this thing
makes use of something called icon masks
which means that even if the icon is not
natively supported it will still cut the
icon and retain the new shape that c7
provides just to be able to provide a
nicer more integrated look to the other
applications so the next step or rather
the next theme that i'm going to show
you are actually first let me let you
guys know that if you come here under
settings and you come to wallpapers &
brightness and you click choose new
wallpaper and stills sefa 7 actually
gives you a whole bunch of new colorful
wallpapers as you guys can see that
these are from c7 because it does have a
little c7 icon next to the wallpapers I
was actually using this one for a little
while and then I switched back to the
black because I do kind of like it ok
guys so that was a c7 now the next thing
that I have to show you guys is called
pastel this is one of my personal
favorite themes because I really like
the rather dull and tone down themes
something that's understated minimal but
still slick enough to make it look nice
and that is what pastel is to me so if I
open it up as you guys can see this uses
a really nice pastel color palette it's
very very bland but in that way also
very sophisticated and I really really
do like this theme now the icons retain
themselves in the in the terms of the
shape of the icons nothing else really
changes but I think overall that this
theme looks very very nice and I would
definitely recommend it for anybody who
has a similar taste of mind in this
regard now the next thing that I have to
show you guys is called vanilla so let
me just open that up so let's see ya
yep so here's the Noah let me just
respect my device after selecting all of
those options now sunila is the theme
that i have been using most often on my
device very recently i actually found it
online and I found it on a forum and
I've really been enjoying the way that
this team looks on my device so here you
go this is Anila I think it looks very
nice it kind of combines the the
Soulstice look as well as the flat 7
look because it does have the long
shadow effect on some of the icons but
the icons are actually smaller and
flatter overall now this theme is
probably my favorite out of this whole
bunch and again is available in cydia so
I would definitely recommend going ahead
and checking it out now finally the last
team that I have to show you guys is
called space blueberry now this name is
a little bit awkward I know I actually
had to make sure that I wasn't
downloading some sort of weird mod or
patch for my device but after I saw some
reviews of this theme or some
screenshots of this theme rather online
I actually did think that was pretty
interesting so I decided to take a look
now this theme actually is very
different from the others it's a very
radical theme in that regard that it is
very different from the others because
this brings back a lot of the details no
again this theme is also pretty flat but
doesn't actually take the minimal
approach of the other themes and
actually adds a lot of detail to the
icons now the icon in space blueberry as
well as in Zanella for winterboard is
almost exactly the same so I think that
one of the themes took inspiration from
the other in terms of their icon design
I also really really do like the icon
design for the tumblr application I
think it is one of my favorite icons for
tumblr that I have ever seen and I
really honestly do like this team very
very much but most often I always end up
resorting to go back to sunila now
anyway guys that does about do it for
this video those are my top themes for
the iOS 7.1 point X jailbreak if you
guys enjoyed this video it would be
really awesome if you guys could leave
the video a thumbs up or like rating by
hitting a little thumbs up button in the
bottom left hand corner of this video
and for more videos like these as well
as other unboxings reviews tutorials and
much much more please do remember to
subscribe a will keep you up to date
with all my latest HD content and we'll
hell
the channel grow to the seven thousand
subscriber mark where I will actually be
having a international sponsored
giveaway so anyway guys that does about
concludes video if you enjoyed it it'll
be awesome of you guys could leave a
comment whatever down there in the
comment section below and as always I
will catch you all in the next video
peace
you